recipes:
consome de pollo
Scrumptious and homey, this simple classic will lay a blanket over you after you pass out on the couch from a night of clubbing and kiss you tenderly on the eyelids.
filipino chicken adobo
Have you called your mom yet? When was the last time you told her you loved her? This savoury chicken served with rice is sure to remind you of your parents’ impending mortality. You should visit them. Just pick up the phone.
halo halo
A popular cold dessert perfect for the summertime! The small light at the end of a very long tunnel of despair and dread and hopelessness and thinking that nothing you do will ever matter, and really, when you think about it, is any of it worth it? Has anything you’ve done matter? This refreshing dish will put a pep in your step!
chiles en nogada
Oh boy. Do you remember what it was? Yeah. What… How would I even describe such a dish? Shall I compare thee to the Mexican flag? Shall I describe thine warm, moist insides and thou sweet, sweet cream? That’s all I’ve got. This is an appetizing dish, I promise.

ingredients:
arroz / kanin
Plain, white, stock image.
You know what rice tastes like.
The indica variant of this plant grows in tropical and subtropical regions such as Southeast Asia and South Asia
pollo / manok
breast.
It’s a little provocative.
Soft pillows. Raw.
When she was a young girl, still living back home, your mother killed one, chopping its head off in a swift blow. The body, not knowing it was already dead, continued to run around, headless and bleeding out. She never ate meat ever again.
Hot girl summer!!
kondensada / leche condensada
Chunky bovine secretion.
Moo.
Good for your bones
Sweet thick and heavy
pinetot (potato spiky)
This is a starchy root vegetable. But it’s tasty! Nom nom nom. Ouch!
Have you ever seen a Pokey from Super Mario? Yeah.
The guy in The Martian lived off of them
Best soft. Filling.
Tubertastic!
krouton (carrot)
Crunch!
Bad spray tan :(
Your teacher will really enjoy this if they are perhaps a little bunny rabbit. Or Bugs Bunny. (add fake ingr. regular carrot?)
A little sweet cronch
suka (ube flavoured)
Not the same as taro.
This is a sweet and sour sauce made with a yam native to the Philippines.
minecraft potion, skinny
sweet, sour, and earthy, but with a distinctively nuttier, vanilla-like flavor
chile bomblano
You spin me right ‘round, baby, right ‘round
Vortex of spice level 5000. Mild.
Cold spicy
Similar to a green bell pepper with a little more kick
semillas saucepechosas
This tastes… sus..
Crunchy and juicy, this alien fruit is rich in fiber, vitamins, and minerals.
i don’t know how to spell suspishus :(
If this goes bad we should call for an emergency meeting.


Questions:
How do you feel about the little cookbook? We’re debating between the second player having a physical cookbook or a digital one – on one hand, the physical cookbook has better vibes, but is set on stone, whereas the digital one allows for more randomness and generation.
How difficult did you find the gameplay? Were you lost, or was it pretty obvious what the descriptions were referring to? Was it fun to play?
Were the controls easy to understand?
How did it make you feel?
What do you think of the visuals?
flicking, or just choosing from a selection?
